in 20
44 25 year old joe works for a kansas
city crime syndicate as a blooper
since future tracking systems have made
it nearly impossible to dispose of
victims bodies
the syndicate uses time travel managed
by a man from the future named abe
loopers kill and dispose of victims
whose faces are concealed
the assassins are paid with silver bars
that are strapped to their targets
to prevent connections to the syndicate
a looper's final victim will be his or
her retired future self
these targets are identified by gold
bars strapped to them instead of silver
killing one's future self ends the
contract and closes the loop
joe's friend seth confesses to joe that
he has not killed his future self
old seth has escaped after warning seth
that a person in the future called the
rainmaker will overthrow the five major
bosses and close all loops
joe reluctantly hides seth in his
apartment's floor safe
but when kid blue one of abe's elite gat
men
takes joe to ape joe reveals seth's
location
abe's men cut an address into younger
seth's arm and then begins severing body
parts
these effects appear on old seth's body
he goes to the address that has appeared
on his arm and is killed
when joe's next target arrives it is his
older self
but with his face uncovered and hands
unbound
old joe escapes before joe can kill him
turning to his apartment joe fights with
kid blue
falls off a fire escape and blacks out
in another timeline joe does kill his
older self
he moves to shanghai and becomes a
hitman to finance his drug addiction and
wild lifestyle
eventually he marries seven years later
his wife is killed when joe is taken to
close the loop
overpowering his captors old joe sends
himself back to 2044
altering his history by evading joe and
escaping
old joe experiences vague memories of
joe's actions in the present
and meets his younger self at a diner he
wants to alter history again and save
his wife
by killing the rainmaker as a child he
acquires a map from a local library
using numbers written on his hand that
are supposed to pertain to the
rainmaker's identity
kid blue and the gat men appear and a
gunfight ensues
both joes escape with pieces of the map
joe follows the map to a farm where
sarah and her son
sid live sarah recognizes the numbers on
the map as sid's birthday and birth
hospital's zip code
joe guesses that old joe is going to
kill all three children born at that
hospital on the same day
not knowing which one will become the
rainmaker
jessie a gat man comes to the farm but
sid and joe height later that night
sarah and joe have sex
and sarah reveals that she has above
average telekinetic powers
sid's powers are even stronger in the
morning
joe wakes to find jesse holding sarah at
gunpoint
terrified sid kills jesse using
telekinesis
joe realizes that sid will become the
rainmaker and that old joe will now know
this
kid blue captures old joe and takes him
to abe
old joe breaks free killing abe and his
henchmen
and goes to sarah's farm
followed by kid blue while young joe
kills kid blue
old joe pursues sarah and sid when sid's
face is grazed by a bullet
sarah calms him before he can react and
kill them
she sends sid into the cane field and
stands between old joe and her son
young joe realizes that sarah's death
will turn sid into the rainmaker
he commits suicide erasing old joe's
existence
saving sarah and potentially preventing
sid from becoming the rainmaker
this is the end of the movie please
subscribe to enjoy more movie next time
thank you